docs: add 140 release notes (#3127)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-1.4.0.rst

.. _ncs_release_notes_140:

|NCS| v1.4.0 Release Notes
##########################

|NCS| delivers reference software and supporting libraries for developing low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor products.
It includes the MCUboot and the Zephyr RTOS open source projects, which are continuously integrated and re-distributed with the SDK.

The |NCS| is where you begin building low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor nRF52, nRF53, and nRF91 Series devices.
nRF53 Series devices (which are pre-production) and Thread, Zigbee, and Bluetooth Mesh protocols are supported for development in v1.4.0 for prototyping and evaluation.
Support for production and deployment in end products is coming soon.

Highlights
**********

* Added production support for nRF52833 and nRF52840 for Thread and Zigbee
* Added support for nRF5340 Network Core DFU
* Added nRF RPC - Remote Procedure Calls with a simple sample for nRF5340
* Azure IOT hub and FOTA support for nRF9160
* Low power UDP sample for nRF9160
* New Bluetooth Mesh samples and models for light control
* nRF Bluetooth LE Controller has been renamed to SoftDevice Controller

> * SoftDevice Controller is now the default Bluetooth LE Controller for all samples except the Bluetooth LE Mesh samples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SoftDevice Controller is now the default Bluetooth LE Controller for all samples except the Bluetooth Mesh samples
```

  * :ref:`nrf_rpc_entropy_nrf53` sample - This sample demonstrates how to use the entropy driver in a dual core device such as nRF5340 PDK.
  * :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_rpc` library - This library enables inter-processor communication on Nordic Semiconductor devices.
    It was added with subpages dedicated to architecture and implementing remote procedure calls.

* Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:smp_svr_sample` now works on nRF5340 DK.

Bluetooth Low Energy
--------------------

* Added:

  * :ref:`bms_readme`
  * :ref:`peripheral_bms` sample - This sample demonstrates how to use the GATT Bond Management Service (BMS).
  * :ref:`direct_test_mode` sample - This sample demonstrates the Direct Test Mode functions described in Bluetooth Core Specification, Version 5.2, Vol. 6, Part F.
  * :ref:`gadgets_service_readme` service
  * :ref:`peripheral_alexa_gadgets` sample - This sample demonstrates how a Bluetooth LE device can connect to an Amazon Echo device using the Alexa Gadgets Bluetooth Service and Profile.

>   * :ref:`bluetooth_central_hr_coded` sample (external contribution) - This sample demonstrates looking for heart rate monitors using LE Coded PHY.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`bluetooth_central_hr_coded` sample (external contribution) - This sample demonstrates how to create a connection as a central using LE Coded PHY.
```

>   * :ref:`peripheral_hr_coded` sample (external contribution) - This sample demonstrates a basic Bluetooth LE Peripheral role functionality that exposes the Heart Rate GATT Service with LE Coded PHY support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`peripheral_hr_coded` sample (external contribution) - This sample demonstrates how to use the  extended advertising API to create a connectable advertiser on LE Coded PHY.
```

* Updated:

  * Changed default security settings in :ref:`peripheral_hids_keyboard` and :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` samples.
    These samples now require encryption for accessing characteristics.
  * Added connection attempts filter to :ref:`nrf_bt_scan_readme` library.
    The filter can be used for blocking peers that disconnected too many times.

> 

Reviewer: New point:

Changed Bluetooth services API naming convention, removing the `_gatt_` and `_c_` infix and using profile names where applicable.

SoftDevice Controller (renamed from nRF Bluetooth LE Controller)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

See the :ref:`nrfxlib:softdevice_controller_changelog` for detailed information.

* Renamed nRF Bluetooth LE Controller to SoftDevice Controller.
  API was updated accordingly.

> * SoftDevice Controller is now the default Bluetooth LE Controller for :ref:`ble_samples` except the Bluetooth LE Mesh samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SoftDevice Controller is now the default Bluetooth LE Controller for :ref:`ble_samples` except the Bluetooth Mesh samples.
```

  For more information about certification, see :ref:`ug_thread_cert`.
* Updated:

  * :ref:`ot_cli_sample` sample:

    * Switched to RNG peripheral as an entropy source.
    * Added support for :ref:`Thread Certification Test harness <ug_thread_cert>`.
    * Added hardware cryptography acceleration support.
    * Enabled UART HWFC by default.
    * Added the overlay for :ref:`Thread v1.2 support <ot_cli_sample_thread_v12>`.

  * :ref:`coap_client_sample` sample:

    * Switched to RNG peripheral as an entropy source.
    * Optimized power in SED mode.
    * Added hardware cryptography acceleration support.
    * Added :ref:`multiprotocol support <coap_client_sample_multi_ext>`.
    * Enabled UART HWFC by default.

  * :ref:`coap_server_sample` sample:

    * Switched to RNG peripheral as an entropy source.
    * Added hardware cryptography acceleration support.
    * Enabled UART HWFC by default.

Zigbee
------

* Added:

  * Production support for nRF52833 and nRF52840.
  * :ref:`lib_zigbee_fota` (DFU) support for nRF52840.
  * Support for Command Line Interface (:ref:`lib_zigbee_shell`).
    This is a port from the nRF5 SDK for Thread and Zigbee.

>   * Support for :ref:`Network Co-Processor <ug_zigbee_platform_design_ncp>` architecture.

Reviewer 2: This line probably needs to be removed (NCP cannot go public by the NCS release date).

  * :ref:`ug_zigbee_configuring_libraries` - added
  * :ref:`ug_zigbee_tools` - added as a separate page (was a section of :ref:`ug_zigbee`)

NFC
---

* :ref:`lib_nfc_ndef` - updated and added the following subpages:

  * :ref:`nfc_ch`
  * :ref:`nfc_ndef_ch_rec_parser_readme`

Libraries
---------

* :ref:`lib_ram_pwrdn` - added
* :ref:`shell_bt_nus_readme` - updated to show how to run the :file:`shell_bt_nus.py` script
* :ref:`lib_eth_rtt` - added
* :ref:`lib_aws_iot` - updated with additional information about enabling connection polling
* :ref:`lib_download_client` - moved :ref:`cert_dwload` to :ref:`modem_key_mgmt`
* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` - updated with :ref:`use_nrfcloud_cloudapi`
* :ref:`lib_at_host` - added

User guides
-----------

* :ref:`ug_logging` - added
* :ref:`ug_multiprotocol_support` - added

nrfxlib
-------

* :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_security_readme` - updated :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_security_backend_config` and modified structure extensively to improve maintainability (restructured with better sections and headings)
* :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl` - updated with :ref:`nrfxlib:mpsl_fem`

Known issues
************

> See the :ref:`known_issues` page for the list of known issues for this release.

Author: Note to self: add link to v1.4.0 tag.

  * :ref:`azure_iot_hub` sample - This sample demonstrates the communication of an nRF9160-based device with an Azure IoT Hub instance.
  * :ref:`azure_fota_sample` sample - This sample demonstrates how to perform an over-the-air firmware update of an nRF9160-based device using the Azure FOTA and Azure IoT Hub libraries
  * :ref:`aws_iot` - This sample demonstrates the communication of an nRF9160-based device with the AWS IoT message broker over MQTT.
  * :ref:`udp` low power sample - This sample demonstrates the sequential transmission of UDP packets to a predetermined server identified by an IP address and a port.
  * :ref:`download_sample` sample - This sample demonstrates how to download files over the Internet from HTTP(S) and CoAP(S) servers.

* Updated:

  * :ref:`at_cmd_readme` library:

    * Reimplemented the library to enable asynchronous handling of commands and reduce memory usage.
    * Updated all commands to only match ``OK`` or ``ERROR`` in the response if they are at the end (in case those strings are part of the response, like in certificate).

  * :ref:`nrfxlib:bsdlib`:

>     * Updated to version 0.8.0.

Reviewer 3: 0.8.1

  * :ref:`nrf_rpc_entropy_nrf53` sample - This sample demonstrates how to use the entropy driver in a dual core device such as nRF5340 PDK.
  * :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_rpc` library - This library enables inter-processor communication on Nordic Semiconductor devices.
    It was added with subpages dedicated to architecture and implementing remote procedure calls.

* Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:smp_svr_sample` now works on nRF5340 DK.

Bluetooth Low Energy
--------------------

* Added:

  * :ref:`bms_readme`
  * :ref:`peripheral_bms` sample - This sample demonstrates how to use the GATT Bond Management Service (BMS).
  * :ref:`direct_test_mode` sample - This sample demonstrates the Direct Test Mode functions described in Bluetooth Core Specification, Version 5.2, Vol. 6, Part F.
  * :ref:`gadgets_service_readme` service
  * :ref:`peripheral_alexa_gadgets` sample - This sample demonstrates how a Bluetooth LE device can connect to an Amazon Echo device using the Alexa Gadgets Bluetooth Service and Profile.
  * :ref:`bluetooth_central_hr_coded` sample (external contribution) - This sample demonstrates how to create a connection as a central using LE Coded PHY.

>   * :ref:`peripheral_hr_coded` sample (external contribution) - This sample demonstrates how to use the extended advertising API to create a connectable advertiser on LE Coded PHY support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`peripheral_hr_coded` sample (external contribution) - This sample demonstrates how to use the extended advertising API to create a connectable advertiser on LE Coded PHY.
```

    * Added support for :ref:`Thread Certification Test harness <ug_thread_cert>`.
    * Added hardware cryptography acceleration support.
    * Enabled UART HWFC by default.
    * Added the overlay for :ref:`Thread v1.2 support <ot_cli_sample_thread_v12>`.

  * :ref:`coap_client_sample` sample:

    * Switched to RNG peripheral as an entropy source.
    * Optimized power in SED mode.
    * Added hardware cryptography acceleration support.
    * Added :ref:`multiprotocol support <coap_client_sample_multi_ext>`.
    * Enabled UART HWFC by default.

  * :ref:`coap_server_sample` sample:

    * Switched to RNG peripheral as an entropy source.
    * Added hardware cryptography acceleration support.
    * Enabled UART HWFC by default.

Zigbee
------

* Added:

  * Production support for nRF52833 and nRF52840.
  * :ref:`lib_zigbee_fota` (DFU) support for nRF52840.
  * Support for Command Line Interface (:ref:`lib_zigbee_shell`).
    This is a port from the nRF5 SDK for Thread and Zigbee.

* Updated:

  * :ref:`zigbee_light_switch_sample` sample with :ref:`multiprotocol extension <zigbee_light_switch_sample_nus>` based on Bluetooth LE :ref:`nus_service_readme`.

>   * Updated :ref:`zboss` to version ``v3_3_0_4+10_06_2020``.

Reviewer 2: If this PR gets merged: https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/3205
Please update the version string to `v3_3_0_5+10_06_2020`

    See :ref:`nrfxlib:zboss_changelog` for detailed information.

Common
======

The following changes are relevant for all device families.

Crypto
------

* Added:

  * nRF Oberon v3.0.7.
    See the :ref:`nrfxlib:crypto_changelog_oberon` for detailed information.

>   * nrf_cc3xx_platform v0.9.3, with the following highlights:

Author: Change requested by @frkv : update to 0.9.4

    * Renamed include files from :file:`nrf_cc310_platform_xxxx.h` to :file:`nrf_cc3xx_platform_xxxx`.
    * Added experimental support for Arm CryptoCell CC312 available on nRF5340 devices.
    * Added APIs to store cryptographic keys in the KMU hardware peripheral available on nRF9160 and nRF5340 devices.
      For details, see :file:`crypto/nrf_cc310_platform/include/nrf_cc3xx_platform_kmu.h` in `nrfxlib`_.
    * Added APIs to generate CSPRNG.
      For details, see :file:`crypto/nrf_cc310_platform/include/nrf_cc3xx_platform_ctr_drbg.h` in `nrfxlib`_.

    See the :ref:`crypto_changelog_nrf_cc3xx_platform` for detailed information.

>   * nrf_cc3xx_mbedcrypto version v0.9.3, with the following highlights:

Author: Change requested by @frkv : update to 0.9.4

  * Added a ``CONFIG_BOOT_SIGNATURE_TYPE_NONE`` option to disable the cryptographic check of the image.
  * Reduced the minimum number of members in SMP packet for serial recovery.
  * Introduced direct execute-in-place (XIP) mode (see ``CONFIG_BOOT_DIRECT_XIP``).
  * Fixed kramdown CVE-2020-14001.
  * Modified the build system to let the application use a private key that is located in the user project configuration directory.
  * Added support for nRF52840 with ECC keys and CryptoCell.
  * Allowed to set VTOR to a relay vector before chain-loading the application.
  * Allowed using a larger primary slot in swap-move.
    Before, both slots had to be the same size, which imposed an unused sector in the secondary slot.
  * Fixed bootstrapping in swap-move mode.
  * Fixed an issue that caused an interrupted swap-move operation to potentially brick the device if the primary image was padded.
  * Various fixes, enhancements, and changes needed to work with the latest Zephyr version.

Build system
============

* Updated J-Link to v6.80d, included in the new |SES| Nordic Edition v5.10d.
  See :ref:`installing_ses` for installation instructions.

>   If you installed J-Link software using nrfjprog, you must manually update J-Link to v6.80d.

Author: @tejlmand , @shantha-14 , added this based on NCSDK-6815. Can you check?

Author: Removed after further discussion with Torsten and Frank.

* :ref:`serial_lte_modem` application:

    * Added support for the MQTT username and password.
    * Added reading of status of TCP proxy server/client when it is not started or connected yet.
    * Added support for partial reception of RX data (in TCP/IP proxy).
    * Added AT command ``#XSLMUART`` to change the UART baud rate.
    * Added data mode support for TCP/UDP proxy client/server.
    * Added support for the HTTP client service.
    * Added FOTA support.
    * Added TLS server support.

* :ref:`mqtt_simple_sample` sample:

    * Added TLS support to the sample.

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library:

    * Added saving of a valid session flag to settings after all subscriptions have completed, so that the persistent session is only used when the flag is valid.
    * Replaced ``CONFIG_CLOUD_PERSISTENT_SESSIONS`` usage with Zephyr's :option:`CONFIG_MQTT_CLEAN_SESSION`.
    * MQTT client ID prefix is now configurable.
    * Added an option to set a time-out for :c:func:`send()` (:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_SEND_TIMEOUT`).

nRF5
====

The following changes are relevant for the nRF52 and nRF53 Series.

nRF5340 SoC
-----------

* Added:

>   * :ref:`nc_bootloader` sample - This sample demonstrates the usage of an immutable first stage bootloader that has the capability to update the application firmware on the network core of the nRF5340 System on Chip (SoC).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`nc_bootloader` sample - This sample implements an immutable first stage bootloader that has the capability to update the application firmware on the network core of the nRF5340 System on Chip (SoC).
```

    * Added hardware cryptography acceleration support.
    * Added :ref:`multiprotocol support <coap_client_sample_multi_ext>`.
    * Enabled UART HWFC by default.

  * :ref:`coap_server_sample` sample:

    * Switched to RNG peripheral as an entropy source.
    * Added hardware cryptography acceleration support.
    * Enabled UART HWFC by default.

Zigbee
------

* Added:

  * Production support for nRF52833 and nRF52840.
  * :ref:`lib_zigbee_fota` (DFU) support for nRF52840.
  * Support for Command Line Interface (:ref:`lib_zigbee_shell`).
    This is a port from the nRF5 SDK for Thread and Zigbee.

* Updated:

  * :ref:`zigbee_light_switch_sample` sample with :ref:`multiprotocol extension <zigbee_light_switch_sample_nus>` based on Bluetooth LE :ref:`nus_service_readme`.
  * Updated :ref:`zboss` to version ``v3_3_0_5+10_06_2020``.
    See :ref:`nrfxlib:zboss_changelog` for detailed information.

Common
======

The following changes are relevant for all device families.

Crypto
------

* Added:

  * nRF Oberon v3.0.7.
    See the :ref:`nrfxlib:crypto_changelog_oberon` for detailed information.
  * nrf_cc3xx_platform v0.9.4, with the following highlights:

>     * Renamed include files from :file:`nrf_cc310_platform_xxxx.h` to :file:`nrf_cc3xx_platform_xxxx`.

Reviewer 5: the last entry misses **.h**

  See :ref:`ug_multi_image` for details.
* Improved multi-core builds by disassociating domain names from board names.
* Bugfixes:

  * Fixed a bug where :file:`merged_domains.hex` would be generated in single domain builds.
  * Fixed a bug where :file:`zephyr/merged.hex` would not be updated when rebuilding a project.

Zephyr
======

* Added:

  * Object Transfer GATT Service and :ref:`zephyr:peripheral_ots` sample
  * :ref:`Bluetooth Mesh Shell <zephyr:bluetooth_mesh_shell>` - This subsystem provides a set of Bluetooth Mesh commands for the Shell module.

sdk-zephyr
----------

.. NOTE TO MAINTAINERS: The latest Zephyr commit appears in multiple places; make sure you update them all.

The `sdk-zephyr`_ fork in |NCS| contains all commits from the upstream Zephyr repository up to and including ``7a3b253ced``, plus some |NCS| specific additions.

For a complete list of upstream Zephyr commits incorporated into |NCS| since the most recent release, run the following command from the :file:`ncs/zephyr` repository (after running ``west update``):

.. code-block:: none

>    git log --oneline 7a3b253ced ^v2.3.0-rc1-ncs1

Author: @carlescufi , is this Zephyr version correct for this command? Shouldn't it be 2.4.0?

Reviewer 6: Yes, it is correct because 2.3.0-rc1-ncs1 is the zephyr revision for 1.3.0. That said, perhaps we should use the one in 1.3.2, but that is really not a big issue. Asking @mbolivar-nordic and @tejlmand to double-check with me here.

Reviewer 7: > Yes, it is correct because 2.3.0-rc1-ncs1 is the zephyr revision for 1.3.0. That said, perhaps we should use the one in 1.3.2, but that is really not a big issue. Asking @mbolivar-nordic and @tejlmand to double-check with me here.

Just double checked, everything looks as expected:

- NCS v1.3.0 has zephyr v2.3.0-rc1-ncs1
- NCS v1.3.1 has v2.3.0-rc1-ncs2
- NCS v1.3.2 has v2.3.0-rc1-ncs3

Leave it up to you to decide which one is appropriate in this context.

    * Added bootstrap procedure support to the sample.
    * Enabled the usage of the :ref:`lib_dfu_target` library for firmware updates, which allows to update both the application and the modem firmware.

* :ref:`serial_lte_modem` application:

    * Added support for the MQTT username and password.
    * Added reading of status of TCP proxy server/client when it is not started or connected yet.
    * Added support for partial reception of RX data (in TCP/IP proxy).
    * Added AT command ``#XSLMUART`` to change the UART baud rate.
    * Added data mode support for TCP/UDP proxy client/server.
    * Added support for the HTTP client service.
    * Added FOTA support.
    * Added TLS server support.

* :ref:`mqtt_simple_sample` sample:

    * Added TLS support to the sample.

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library:

    * Added saving of a valid session flag to settings after all subscriptions have completed, so that the persistent session is only used when the flag is valid.
    * Replaced ``CONFIG_CLOUD_PERSISTENT_SESSIONS`` usage with Zephyr's :option:`CONFIG_MQTT_CLEAN_SESSION`.
    * MQTT client ID prefix is now configurable.

>     * Added an option to set a time-out for :c:func:`send()` (:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_SEND_TIMEOUT`).

Author: Clarified with @jtguggedal and updated.

nRF5
====

The following changes are relevant for the nRF52 and nRF53 Series.

nRF5340 SoC
-----------

* Added:

  * :ref:`nc_bootloader` sample - This sample implements an immutable first stage bootloader that has the capability to update the application firmware on the network core of the nRF5340 System on Chip (SoC).
  * :ref:`nrf_rpc_entropy_nrf53` sample - This sample demonstrates how to use the entropy driver in a dual core device such as nRF5340 PDK.
  * :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_rpc` library - This standalone library enables inter-processor communication on Nordic Semiconductor devices.

>     It was added with subpages dedicated to architecture and implementing remote procedure calls.

Author: I think this is not needed here, as it kinda duplicates the first line.

* Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:smp_svr_sample` now works on nRF5340 DK.

Bluetooth Low Energy
--------------------

* Added:

>   * :ref:`bms_readme`

Author: In this case, yes. The description on the page made reference to the spec, so I thought it is not helpful in release notes.

>   * :ref:`bms_readme`

Author: Updated with description.

  * :ref:`peripheral_bms` sample - This sample demonstrates how to use the GATT Bond Management Service (BMS).
  * :ref:`direct_test_mode` sample - This sample demonstrates the Direct Test Mode functions described in Bluetooth Core Specification, Version 5.2, Vol. 6, Part F.
  * :ref:`gadgets_service_readme` service

>   * :ref:`peripheral_alexa_gadgets` sample - This sample demonstrates how a Bluetooth LE device can connect to an Amazon Echo device using the Alexa Gadgets Bluetooth Service and Profile.

Author: Tracking task: https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/jira/browse/NCSDK-6938

  * Added a ``CONFIG_BOOT_SIGNATURE_TYPE_NONE`` option to disable the cryptographic check of the image.
  * Reduced the minimum number of members in SMP packet for serial recovery.
  * Introduced direct execute-in-place (XIP) mode (see ``CONFIG_BOOT_DIRECT_XIP``).
  * Fixed kramdown CVE-2020-14001.
  * Modified the build system to let the application use a private key that is located in the user project configuration directory.
  * Added support for nRF52840 with ECC keys and CryptoCell.
  * Allowed to set VTOR to a relay vector before chain-loading the application.
  * Allowed using a larger primary slot in swap-move.
    Before, both slots had to be the same size, which imposed an unused sector in the secondary slot.
  * Fixed bootstrapping in swap-move mode.
  * Fixed an issue that caused an interrupted swap-move operation to potentially brick the device if the primary image was padded.
  * Various fixes, enhancements, and changes needed to work with the latest Zephyr version.

Build system
============

* Updated :ref:`partition_manager`:

  * Added RAM partitioning through the partition manager.

>   * Added the :c:func:`ncs_add_partition_manager_config` function that allows out-of-tree users to specify partition manager configuration files.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
  * Added the ``ncs_add_partition_manager_config`` function that allows out-of-tree users to specify partition manager configuration files.
```
(This is not a c function)

  * Added a warning if no static partition manager configuration is provided when one image (or more) is not built from source in a multi-image build.

* Enabled choosing a build strategy for Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:bluetooth-hci-rpmsg-sample` sample when it is built as a child image.
  See :ref:`ug_multi_image` for details.
* Improved multi-core builds by disassociating domain names from board names.
* Bugfixes:

  * Fixed a bug where :file:`merged_domains.hex` would be generated in single domain builds.
  * Fixed a bug where :file:`zephyr/merged.hex` would not be updated when rebuilding a project.

Zephyr
======

> * Added:

Reviewer 6: This section ("Added") should be removed, we refer to the 2.4.0 release notes now, so no need to have a separate section here.

>   * Object Transfer GATT Service and :ref:`zephyr:peripheral_ots` sample

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
  * Object Transfer GATT Service and :ref:`zephyr:peripheral_ots` sample.
```

|NCS| v1.4.0 Release Notes
##########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

|NCS| delivers reference software and supporting libraries for developing low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor products.
It includes the MCUboot and the Zephyr RTOS open source projects, which are continuously integrated and re-distributed with the SDK.

The |NCS| is where you begin building low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor nRF52, nRF53, and nRF91 Series devices.
nRF53 Series devices (which are pre-production) and Zigbee and Bluetooth Mesh protocols are supported for development in v1.4.0 for prototyping and evaluation.
Support for production and deployment in end products is coming soon.

Highlights
**********

* Added production support for nRF52833 and nRF52840 for Thread, including multiprotocol operation with Bluetooth Low Energy
* Added Network Co-Processor (NCP) architecture for Thread and Zigbee
* Added development support for multiprotocol operation of Zigbee and Bluetooth Low Energy
* Added support for nRF5340 Network Core DFU
* Added the standalone Remote procedure call (nRF RPC) library with a simple sample for nRF5340

> * Azure IoT hub and FOTA support for nRF9160

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
* Azure IoT Hub and FOTA support for nRF9160
```

See :ref:`cloning_the_repositories` for more information.

Supported modem firmware
************************

This version of the |NCS| has been tested with the following modem firmware for cellular IoT applications:

* mfw_nrf9160_1.2.2

Use the latest version of the nRF Programmer app of `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ to update the modem firmware.
See `Updating the nRF9160 DK cellular modem`_ for instructions.

Changelog
*********

The following sections provide detailed lists of changes by component.

nRF9160
=======

* Added:

  * :ref:`lib_azure_fota` library - This library provides a way to parse Azure IoT Hub device twin messages to obtain firmware upgrade information and perform FOTA downloads.
  * :ref:`lib_azure_iot_hub` library - This library provides an API to connect to an Azure IoT Hub instance and interact with it.
  * :ref:`azure_iot_hub` sample - This sample demonstrates the communication of an nRF9160-based device with an Azure IoT Hub instance.
  * :ref:`azure_fota_sample` sample - This sample demonstrates how to perform an over-the-air firmware update of an nRF9160-based device using the Azure FOTA and Azure IoT Hub libraries.

>   * :ref:`aws_iot` - This sample demonstrates the communication of an nRF9160-based device with the AWS IoT message broker over MQTT.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`aws_iot` sample - This sample demonstrates the communication of an nRF9160-based device with the AWS IoT message broker over MQTT.
```

nRF5
====

The following changes are relevant for the nRF52 and nRF53 Series.

nRF5340 SoC
-----------

* Added:

  * :ref:`nc_bootloader` sample - This sample implements an immutable first stage bootloader that has the capability to update the application firmware on the network core of the nRF5340 System on Chip (SoC).
  * :ref:`nrf_rpc_entropy_nrf53` sample - This sample demonstrates how to use the entropy driver in a dual core device such as nRF5340 PDK.
  * :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_rpc` - This standalone library enables inter-processor communication on Nordic Semiconductor devices.

* Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:smp_svr_sample` now works on nRF5340 PDK.

Bluetooth Low Energy
--------------------

* Added:

  * :ref:`bms_readme` - This module implements the Bond Management Service with the corresponding set of characteristics.
  * :ref:`peripheral_bms` sample - This sample demonstrates how to use the GATT Bond Management Service (BMS).
  * :ref:`direct_test_mode` sample - This sample demonstrates the Direct Test Mode functions described in Bluetooth Core Specification, Version 5.2, Vol. 6, Part F.

>   * :ref:`gadgets_service_readme` service

Reviewer 8: Missing description.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`gadgets_service_readme` 
```

* Azure IOT hub and FOTA support for nRF9160
* Low power UDP sample for nRF9160
* New Bluetooth Mesh samples and models for light control
* nRF Bluetooth LE Controller has been renamed to SoftDevice Controller
* SoftDevice Controller is now the default Bluetooth LE Controller for all samples except the Bluetooth LE MESH samples
* General updates and bugfixes

Release tag
***********

The release tag for the |NCS| manifest repository (|ncs_repo|) is **v1.4.0**.
Check the ``west.yml`` file for the corresponding tags in the project repositories.

To use this release, check out the tag in the manifest repository and run ``west update``.
See :ref:`cloning_the_repositories` for more information.

Supported modem firmware
************************

This version of the |NCS| has been tested with the following modem firmware for cellular IoT applications:

* mfw_nrf9160_1.2.2

Use the latest version of the nRF Programmer app of `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ to update the modem firmware.
See `Updating the nRF9160 DK cellular modem`_ for instructions.

Changelog
*********

The following sections provide detailed lists of changes by component.

nRF9160
=======

* Added:

>   * :ref:`aws_iot` - This sample demonstrates the communication of an nRF9160-based device with the AWS IoT message broker over MQTT.

Author: Added for more samples.

    * Removed ``port`` field in download_client_config.
      The port number can now be passed together with the URL.
    * Removed the ``CONFIG_DOWNLOAD_CLIENT_TLS`` Kconfig option.
      Now the choice of between secure and non-secure HTTP or CoAP is determined by the schema, or by the security tag if the schema is missing.
    * No longer uses HTTP range requests when using HTTP, which improves bandwidth.
    * Parsing of HTTP header fields is now case-insensitive.
    * Added support for Shell support.
    * Added ``fragment_siz``e parameter to :c:func:`fota_download_start()` to allow to specify download fragment size at run time.

  * :ref:`lib_fota_download` library:

    * Added a missing call to :c:func:`dfu_target_done` if :c:func:`dfu_target_write` fails.
    * Added the error cause information to the ``FOTA_DOWNLOAD_EVT_ERROR`` event.

  * :ref:`lte_lc_readme` library:

    * Updated to parse PSM configuration only when the device is registered to a network.
      This will help avoid confusing error messages.
    * Added API for setting eDRX Paging Time Window (PTW).
    * Added support for Release Assistance Indication (RAI).

>     * Added :c:func:`lte_lc_deinit()` function to the API.

Author: Works like a charm.

      This function deinitializes the LTE LC module.
    * Reworked system mode handling as follows:

      * The preferred mode and optionally the fallback mode are now set through Kconfig.
      * The current mode is the mode read from the device and is changed using :c:func:`lte_lc_system_mode_set()`.
      * The target mode is the mode that is used when connecting to LTE network, that is when :c:func:`lte_lc_connect()` or  :c:func:`lte_lc_connect_async()` is called.
        The network is initialized with the configurable (and preferred) system mode.
        The mode is changed when :c:func:`lte_lc_systm_mode_set()` is called or when connection establishment using preferred mode is unsuccessful and times out.

  * :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_readme` library:

    * Added the snapshot of the release version 0.10.0.
      This version is not certified, but can be used for development.
      See the :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_changelog` for detailed information.

* :ref:`supl_os_client` library and :ref:`agps_sample` sample:

    * Renamed the sample from nRF Cloud A-GPS.

>     * Added a common interface between A-GPS and SUPL in `nRF Cloud`_.

Author: Checked with @jtguggedal and edited.

    * Added sending of service info after a successful connection to `nRF Cloud`_ has been made.

* :ref:`asset_tracker` application:

    * Added handling of sensor channel ``get`` commands received from `nRF Cloud`_.
    * Added event handler for :ref:`lte_lc_readme` events.
    * Added the detection feature when there is no SIM card in the slot.

>     * Added support for Bosch BSEC library 1.4.8.0.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
    * Added support for Bosch BSEC library 1.4.8.0 (see :ref:`zephyr:bme680`).
```
Can't find documentation for the library, but a pointer to the sample might be better than nothing?

      This breaks compatibility with older versions of the library.
    * Added a timestamp for sensor or cloud data, or both.
    * Added the :option:`CONFIG_UI_LED_PWM_FREQUENCY` Kconfig option for setting the LED PWM frequency.

* :ref:`gps_with_supl_support_sample` sample:

>     * Now the sample allows to disable the **COEX0** pin when using the external antenna to lower noise from the LNA.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
    * Updated the sample to allow disabling the **COEX0** pin when using the external antenna to lower noise from the LNA.
```

    * Updated the frequency range of the external GPS amplifier.
    * Added an option to give GPS prioritized radio access.
    * Added functionality that increases the GPS priority when GPS is blocked for more than a configurable amount of time.

* :ref:`lwm2m_client` sample:

    * Fixed an invalid Kconfig option (``CONFIG_FOTA_ERASE_PROGRESSIVELY``) that prevented progressive erase during FOTA.

>     * Added :file:`overlay-nbiot.conf` with fine-tuned CoAP/LWM2M parameters for NB-IoT networks.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
    * Added :file:`overlay-nbiot.conf` with fine-tuned CoAP/LwM2M parameters for NB-IoT networks.
```

    * Fixed a bug where a FOTA socket was not closed after the download (PULL mode).

>     * Added Bootstrap procedure support to the sample.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
    * Added bootstrap procedure support to the sample.
```

    * Enabled the usage of the :ref:`lib_dfu_target` library for firmware updates, which allows to update both the application and the modem firmware.

* :ref:`serial_lte_modem` application:

    * Added support for the MQTT username and password.
    * Added reading of status of TCP proxy server/client when it is not started or connected yet.
    * Added support for partial reception of RX data (in TCP/IP proxy).

>     * Added AT command to change the UART baud rate.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
    * Added AT command ``#XSLMUART`` to change the UART baud rate.
```

    * Added data mode support for TCP/UDP proxy client/server.
    * Added support for the HTTP client service.
    * Added FOTA support.
    * Added TLS server support.

* :ref:`mqtt_simple_sample` sample:

    * Added TLS support to the sample.

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library:

    * Added saving of a valid session flag to settings after all subscriptions have completed, so that the persistent session is only used when the flag is valid.

>     * Replaced ``CONFIG_CLOUD_PERSISTENT_SESSIONS`` usage with Zephyr's ``CONFIG_MQTT_CLEAN_SESSION``.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
    * Replaced ``CONFIG_CLOUD_PERSISTENT_SESSIONS`` usage with Zephyr's :option:`CONFIG_MQTT_CLEAN_SESSION`.
```

    * MQTT client ID prefix is now configurable.

>     * Added an option to set a timeout for :c:func:`send()` (:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_SEND_TIMEOUT`).

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
    * Added an option to set a time-out for :c:func:`send()` (:option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_SEND_TIMEOUT`).
```

nRF5
====

The following changes are relevant for the nRF52 and nRF53 Series.

nRF5340 SoC
-----------

* Added:

>   * :ref:`nc_bootloader` sample

Reviewer 8: Again - would be nice to have a short explanation (can usually be taken from the intro of the doc).

Author: Added.

  * :ref:`nrf_rpc_entropy_nrf53` sample
  * :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_rpc` library

> * Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:smp_svr_sample` now works on nRF5340 DK

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
* Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:smp_svr_sample` now works on nRF5340 DK.
```

Reviewer 8: Not sure if this should be nRF5340 DK or PDK.

Bluetooth Low Energy
--------------------

* Added:
  * :ref:`peripheral_bms` sample
  * :ref:`direct_test_mode` sample

* Updated:

  * Changed default security settings in :ref:`peripheral_hids_keyboard` and :ref:`peripheral_hids_mouse` samples.
    These samples now require encryption for accessing characteristics.
  * Added connection attempts filter to :ref:`nrf_bt_scan_readme` library.
    The filter can be used for blocking peers that disconnected too many times.

> nRF Bluetooth LE Controller (now SoftDevice Controller)

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
SoftDevice Controller (renamed from nRF Bluetooth LE Controller)
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

See the :ref:`nrfxlib:softdevice_controller_changelog` for detailed information.

* Renamed nRF Bluetooth LE Controller to SoftDevice Controller.
  API was updated accordingly.
* SoftDevice Controller is now the default Bluetooth LE Controller for :ref:`ble_samples` except the Bluetooth LE Mesh samples.

> * Implemented the remaining mandatory HCI commands the controller conformant to HCI standards.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
* Implemented the remaining mandatory HCI commands to make the controller conformant to HCI standards.
```

* Reduced the image size when linking the final binary.
  Now, only the requested features are included.

>   See :c:func:`sdc_support_adv()` and similar APIs for more details.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
  See :c:func:`sdc_support_adv()` and similar APIs for details.
```

nRF Desktop
-----------

> * Added support for :ref:`MCUBoot <mcuboot_wrapper>` that allows to use the following features:

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
* Added support for :ref:`MCUboot <mcuboot_wrapper>` that allows to use the following features:
```

  * :ref:`Serial recovery DFU though USB <nrf_desktop_bootloader_serial_dfu>`
  * :ref:`Background DFU <nrf_desktop_bootloader_background_dfu>` through :ref:`nrf_desktop_smp`
  * Background DFU with secondary slot on the :ref:`external flash <nrf_desktop_flash_memory_layout>`

* Dongle updates:

>   * Dongle now supports connection to multiple devices of the same type.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
  * Added support for connecting to multiple devices of the same type.
```

  * Added a configuration where the nRF52840 Dongle stores 6 bonds and allows up to 4 simultaneous connections.

>   * Dongle now supports one HID-class USB device instance per bonded peripheral device.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
  * Added support for one HID-class USB device instance per bonded peripheral device.
```

    The host can distinguish a source of a HID report.

* Reworked the :ref:`nrf_desktop_config_channel` module and updated the protocol:

>   * Added device identification with HW ID,

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
  * Added device identification with HW ID.
```

  * [DESK-974] Fixed a bug where boot reports were not sent.
  * [DESK-973] Fixed a bug where Dongle - Keyboard connection would deteriorate badly with :ref:`split Link Layer <nrf_desktop_bluetooth_guide_configuration_ll>`.
  * [DESK-971] Fixed a bug where user was unable to bond keyboard with an OSX host again.
  * [DESK-969] Fixed a bug where the bond switching in Gaming Mouse would stop working.
  * [DESK-967] Fixed a bug where :ref:`nrf_desktop_config_channel` module would impact the report rate as it should use write without response for sending data to peripheral.
  * [DESK-965] Fixed a bug where direct advertising to non-Zephyr centrals would not work.

Bluetooth Mesh
--------------

* Added:

  * :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_light_lc` sample
  * :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_sensor_client` and :ref:`bluetooth_mesh_sensor_server` samples
  * :ref:`bt_mesh_time_readme` models
  * :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctl_readme` models
  * :ref:`bt_mesh_scene_readme` models

* Added support for Mesh Device Properties v2.0.
* Updated :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_readme` models.
  Light control regulator now uses floating point.
* Fixed several bugs and improved documentation.

> nRF IEEE 802.15.4 Radio Driver

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
nRF IEEE 802.15.4 radio driver
```

* Updated:

  * :ref:`coap_cli_sample` sample:

    * Switched to RNG peripheral as an entropy source.
    * Added support for :ref:`Thread Certification Test harness <ug_thread_cert>`.
    * Added hardware cryptography acceleration support.
    * Enabled UART HWFC by default.
    * Added the overlay for :ref:`Thread v1.2 support <ot_cli_sample_thread_v12>`.

  * :ref:`coap_client_sample` sample:

    * Switched to RNG peripheral as an entropy source.
    * Optimized power in SED mode.
    * Added hardware cryptography acceleration support.
    * Added :ref:`multiprotocol support <coap_client_sample_multi_ext>`.
    * Enabled UART HWFC by default.

  * :ref:`coap_server_sample` sample:

    * Switched to RNG peripheral as an entropy source.
    * Added hardware cryptography acceleration support.
    * Enabled UART HWFC by default.

Zigbee
------

* Added:

  * Production support for nRF52833 and nRF52840.
  * :ref:`lib_zigbee_fota` (DFU) support for nRF52840.
  * Command Line Interface (:ref:`lib_zigbee_shell`) support.
    This is a port from the nRF5 SDK for Thread and Zigbee.
  * Support for :ref:`Network Co-Processor <ug_zigbee_platform_design_ncp>` architecture.

* Updated:

>   * :ref:`zigbee_light_switch_sample` sample with :ref:`multiprotocol extension <zigbee_light_switch_sample_nus>` based on Bluetooth LE Nordic UART Service.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`zigbee_light_switch_sample` sample with :ref:`multiprotocol extension <zigbee_light_switch_sample_nus>` based on Bluetooth LE :ref:`nus_service_readme`.
```

  * Updated :ref:`zboss` to version ``v3_3_0_4+10_06_2020``.
    See :ref:`nrfxlib:zboss_changelog` for detailed information.

Common
======

The following changes are relevant for all device families.

Crypto
------

* Added:

  * nRF Oberon v3.0.7.
    See the :ref:`nrfxlib:crypto_changelog_oberon` for detailed information.
  * nrf_cc3xx_platform v0.9.3.

>     * Include files named :file:`nrf_cc310_platform_xxxx.h` are now called :file:`nrf_cc3xx_platform_xxxx`.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
    * Renamed include files from :file:`nrf_cc310_platform_xxxx.h` to :file:`nrf_cc3xx_platform_xxxx`.
```

    * Added experimental support for Arm CryptoCell CC312 available on nRF5340 devices.

>     * Added APIs to store cryptographic keys in the KMU hardware peripheral available on nRF9160 and nRF5340 devices

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
    * Added APIs to store cryptographic keys in the KMU hardware peripheral available on nRF9160 and nRF5340 devices.
```

      For details, see :file:`include/nrf_cc3xx_platform_kmu.h`.
    * Added APIs to generate CSPRNG.
      For details, see :file:`include/nrf_cc3xx_platform_ctr_drbg.h`

    See the :ref:`crypto_changelog_nrf_cc3xx_platform` for detailed information.
  * nrf_cc3xx_mbedcrypto version v0.9.3.

    * Added experimental support for Arm CryptoCell CC312 available on nRF5340 devices.
    * Added APIs to derive cryptographic key material from KDR on nRF52840 and nRF9160 devices.
      For details, see :file:`include/mbedtls/c3xx_kmu.h`.
    * Added APIs to use keys stored in KMU on nRF9160 and nRF5340 devices.
      For details, see :file:`include/mbedtls/c3xx_kmu.h`.

    See the :ref:`crypto_changelog_nrf_cc3xx_mbedcrypto` for detailed information.

>   * RNG support in nRF53 app core (using Secure Partition Manager's :ref:`lib_secure_services` and nrf_cc312_platform library)

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
  * RNG support in nRF5340 app core (using Secure Partition Manager's :ref:`lib_secure_services` and nrf_cc312_platform library)
```

* Updated:

>   * Refactored :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_security` Kconfig options.
>     This changes ``_CC310_`` in Kconfig option names to ``_CC3XX_``.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
  * Refactored :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_security` Kconfig options to change ``_CC310_`` in Kconfig option names to ``_CC3XX_``.
```

>   * :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_security` now uses mbedTLS v2.23.0.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
  * Updated :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_security` to use mbedTLS v2.23.0.
```

Date-Time
---------

* Added to :ref:`lib_date_time` library:

  * Functions to clear current time: :c:func:`date_time_clear` and :c:func:`date_time_timestamp_clear`.

* Updated:

  * :c:func:`date_time_set` now returns an error code.
  * :c:func:`date_time_update` is now :c:func:`date_time_update_async` and returns an error code.

Drivers
-------

* Added:

  * :ref:`uart_nrf_sw_lpuart` with the related :ref:`bluetooth-hci-lpuart-sample` and :ref:`lpuart_sample` samples

NFC
---

* Added:

  * :ref:`nfc_tnep_ch_readme` library
  * :ref:`peripheral_nfc_pairing` sample

* Updated NFC samples to support non-secure domain builds for nRF5340.

nrfx
----

See the `Changelog for nrfx 2.3.0`_ for detailed information.

MCUboot
=======

> * Updated MCUBoot to facilitate using it as the second stage bootloader:

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
* Updated MCUboot to facilitate using it as the second stage bootloader:
```

>   * Added minimal configuration overlay file for MCUBoot that makes it fit within 16 kB when MCUBoot is used as the second stage bootloader.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
  * Added minimal configuration overlay file for MCUboot that makes it fit within 16 kB when MCUboot is used as the second stage bootloader.
```

  * Reduced the minimum number of members in SMP packet for serial recovery.
  * Introduced direct execute-in-place (XIP) mode (see ``CONFIG_BOOT_DIRECT_XIP``).
  * Fixed kramdown CVE-2020-14001.
  * Modified the build system to let the application use a private key that is located in the user project configuration directory.
  * Added support for nRF52840 with ECC keys and CryptoCell.
  * Allowed to set VTOR to a relay vector before chain-loading the application.
  * Allowed using a larger primary slot in swap-move.
    Before, both slots had to be the same size, which imposed an unused sector in the secondary slot.
  * Fixed bootstrapping in swap-move mode.
  * Fixed an issue that caused an interrupted swap-move operation to potentially brick the device if the primary image was padded.
  * Various fixes, enhancements, and changes needed to work with the latest Zephyr version.

Build system
============

* Updated :ref:`partition_manager`:

  * Added RAM partitioning through the partition manager.
  * Added the :c:func:`ncs_add_partition_manager_config` function that allows out-of-tree users to specify partition manager configuration files.

>   * Added a warning if no static partition manager configuration is provided when one or more images is not built from source in a multi-image build.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
  * Added a warning if no static partition manager configuration is provided when one or more images are not built from source in a multi-image build.
```
or
```suggestion
  * Added a warning if no static partition manager configuration is provided when one (or more) image is not built from source in a multi-image build.
```

* Enabled choosing a build strategy for Zephyr's :ref:`zephyr:bluetooth-hci-rpmsg-sample` sample when it is built as a child image.
  See :ref:`ug_multi_image` for details.
* Improved multi-core builds by disassociating domain names from board names.
* Bugfixes:

  * Fixed a bug where :file:`merged_domains.hex` would be generated in single domain builds.

>   * Fixed a bug where :file:`zephyr/merged.hex` would not updated when rebuilding a project.

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
  * Fixed a bug where :file:`zephyr/merged.hex` would not be updated when rebuilding a project.
```

Zephyr
======

* Added:

>   * Object Transfer GATT Service and :ref:`zephyr: peripheral_ots` sample

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
  * Object Transfer GATT Service and :ref:`zephyr:peripheral_ots` sample
```

Additions specific to |NCS|
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following list contains |NCS| specific additions:

* Added support for the |NCS|'s :ref:`partition_manager`, which can be used for flash partitioning.
* Added the following network socket and address extensions to the :ref:`zephyr:bsd_sockets_interface` interface to support the functionality provided by the :ref:`nrfxlib:bsdlib`:

  AF_LTE, NPROTO_AT, NPROTO_PDN, NPROTO_DFU, SOCK_MGMT, SO_RCVTIMEO, SO_BINDTODEVICE, SOL_PDN, SOL_DFU, SO_PDN_CONTEXT_ID, SO_PDN_STATE, SOL_DFU, SO_DFU_ERROR, TLS_SESSION_CACHE, SO_SNDTIMEO, MSG_TRUNC, SO_SILENCE_ALL, SO_IP_ECHO_REPLY, SO_IPV6_ECHO_REPLY
* Added support for enabling TLS caching when using the :ref:`zephyr:mqtt_socket_interface` library.
  See :c:macro:`TLS_SESSION_CACHE`.
* Updated the nrf9160ns DTS to support accessing the CryptoCell CC310 hardware from non-secure code.

Documentation
=============

In addition to documentation related to the changes listed above, the following documentation has been updated:

* :ref:`Documentation versions <index>` - you can now switch between different versions of the documentation by selecting the version in the upper left-hand corner

> * :ref:`ncs_release_notes_latest` - added a changelog for updates in the Zephyr and MCUboot repositories (need to see if this stays in for the release?)

Reviewer 8: No it doesn't. ;)

Author: Removed entry.

* :ref:`gs_recommended_versions` - added
* :ref:`known_issues` - added
* :ref:`sample` - updated to include configuration information and to clarify the instructions for using the template

nRF9160
-------

* :ref:`ug_nrf9160` - updated the :ref:`nrf9160_ug_band_lock` section, updated with information about certification of different modem firmware versions and added a link to nRF9160 compatibility matrix

> * :ref:`serial_lte_modem` - updated by adding :ref:`SLM_AT_intro` (with all subpages)

Reviewer 8: This has actually been rewritten completely, so
```suggestion
* :ref:`serial_lte_modem` - updated and extended with testing instructions and AT command reference
```

Bluetooth Mesh
--------------

* :ref:`mesh_concepts` - added
* :ref:`mesh_architecture` - added
* :ref:`bt_mesh_dk_prov` - updated with clarifications about the UUID usage

Zigbee
------

* :ref:`zigbee_light_switch_sample` - added a note about :file:`overlay.conf`

nRF Desktop
-----------

* :ref:`nrf_desktop_profiler_sync` - updated configuration and implementation details
* :ref:`nrf_desktop_cpu_meas` - updated configuration and implementation details
* :ref:`nrf_desktop_smp` - updated configuration and implementation details
* :ref:`nrf_desktop_config_channel` - updated transport configuration and listener configuration

NFC
---

* :ref:`tnep_tag_readme` - added

Libraries
---------

* :ref:`shell_bt_nus_readme` - updated to show how to run the :file:`shell_bt_nus.py` script
* :ref:`lib_eth_rtt` - added
* :ref:`bms_srv_readme` - added
* :ref:`lib_aws_iot` - updated with additional information about enabling connection polling
* :ref:`lib_download_client` - moved :ref:`cert_dwload` to :ref:`modem_key_mgmt`
* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` - updated with :ref:`use_nrfcloud_cloudapi`

> * :ref:`lib_at_host` - added documentation

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
* :ref:`lib_at_host` - added
```
